He's in there.
(Varis) There's one more mission
for you to do.
What sir?
Go retrieve Kolter.
In the real world.
(gasps)
You'll find him
in the hot dog truck
in Den City's main courtyard.
We leave no one behind,
even if they're our rivals.
Ah!
If I didn't know any better,
I'd think he was sleeping.
Soulburner is dueling
against Bohman.
(growls)
Let this roll
decide your fate!
Go, Judgment Dice!
♪
I rolled the Water icon.
Therefore,
my Paradox Hydradrive Atlas
transforms into a Water monster.
Next, I activate
Paradox Hydradrive Atlas's
special ability
to roll a second die and summon
a Hydradrive Link Monster
from my extra deck
which has
the same number of links
as the number that I roll.
(growls)
Go, Judgment Dice!
I rolled a four.
So, I can summon
a link for Hydradrive
next to my Atlas's link.
Emerge,
Rousing Hydradrive Monarch!
When I summon
my Hydradrive Monarch
from my extra deck,
it gains
four Hydradrive counters.
Then my Monarch's
attribute changes
to match the monster
it's linked to
and becomes a water monster.
You humans say
to fight fire with fire,
so I decided
to use fire monsters
to take on your fire monsters.
But... perhaps it wiser
to douse your fire
with water instead.
Let us see
if I'm correct Soulburner.
♪
(suspense music)
Bohman realized that
his previous strategy
wasn't working,
so he abandoned it
for a new one.
That is a high-level maneuver.
Let's let destiny
judge you for a third time.
I activate my
Monarch's ability!
By removing
one Hydradrive counter,
I roll my Attribute die.
And all your monsters that have
the same attribute
as what I roll are sent
to the graveyard,
and you take 500 points
of damage for each monster.
The attribute I rolled...
is fire!
And since
your Salamangreat Heatleo
is a fire monster,
it's destroyed, and you take
500 points of damage!
Aww, glitch!
Soulburner's got nothing left
on his field!
Here I go!
Rousing Hydradrive Monarch!
Attack their life points
directly!
(thuds)
(groans)
(beeping)
That was quite the blow.
Perhaps harder than I thought.
I'll place these two cards
facedown.
And end my turn.
Bohman's game is on point!
His AI is improving so fast,
I bet he's almost
as smart as me now!
Come on, wake up!
You're supposed to correct me!
I gave you the perfect opening!
It's our turn, Flame!
Let's go!
Soulburner.
Do you think
Bohman really controls
the outcome of luck
in this mirror world?
That what is random
is no longer random?
Why do you say that?
He rolled his dice
three times,
and he got the outcome
he wanted all three times.
The odds of that
happening is one in 216,
or 0.46 percent.
That is pretty lucky,
but it's not impossible
This outcome is
not impossible,
but highly improbable.
So if Bohman can control luck,
he can manipulate every facet
of this duel in his favor.
Therefore, unfortunately,
I do not know
if there's any way we can win.
Well, I do.
Because we have something
more powerful than luck, Flame.
It's called teamwork!
As long as I have you,
I'm not worrying about a thing!
By revealing to you that
I have this card in my hand...
My field spell activates!
I return my entire hand
to my deck,
and then I draw
the same number of cards.
Then I activate the spell
will of the Salamangreat
to resurrect
a Salamangreat monster
from my graveyard!
Roar again,
Salamangreat Heatleo!
Since you summoned
a monster,
I'll use a Hydradrive counter
to activate
my Monarch's special ability!
Bohman gets
to roll another die,
and if he rolls a fire attribute
we lose.
We're about to find out
how lucky he is.
The attribute
I rolled is water.
He failed!
(gasps)
How very lucky of you.
Looks like you don't
control everything around here,
Bohman.
And that is so gonna
cost you big time!
I'll use
Salamangreat Shrine
to reincarnation
link summon!
Rise again
from the valley of flames,
Salamangreat Heatleo!
Due to my Heatleo's ability,
I get to return
one of your spell
or trap cards to your deck.
Yes, but which one?
I'll let you in on a secret.
One is worse than the other.
So let's see
if your luck is holding up.
I choose...
the card on the right!
In that case,
I activate the card on the left
Card of Pandora!
What?
This trap switches the target
of your special ability
from the other card to itself.
Then I draw two cards...
straight from my deck.
It didn't matter
which card we chose.
The result would have been
the same.
This guy thinks
he's so funny.
But let's see
if he's laughing after this!
Heatleo can change
your monster's attack points
to become the same as
one that's in my graveyard!
And my Salamangreat mole has
zero attack points!
(thuds)
No!
Nice, Soulburner!
Come on, Playmaker!
Wake up already!
You're missing the best part!
Wake up, Yusaku.
Just a few more minutes.
No can do.
But I'm so tired.
I know you are, bud.
But the world
still needs your help.
Your friends are counting
on you.
I'm counting on you.
So just do me one last favor.
What, Kolter?
Just wake up.
(gasps)
Playmaker!
About time you stopped nappin',
sleepyhead!
Well, I'd still be sleeping
if Kolter hadn't woken me up.
Huh?
Kolter?
And it seems I missed a lot.
Soulburner is dueling Bohman?
Heatleo!
Attack and destroy
Rousing Hydradrive Monarch
and end this duel!
I activate my trap card
dice logic against your monster!
If I roll an even number,
your Heatleo's attack points
are doubled.
But if I roll an odd number,
its attack points drop to zero.
So it's a fifty-fifty shot.
Not exactly.
If I roll a 5 or lower,
I can use Judgment Dice
to add 1 to the result
and guarantee
I get an odd number.
Say what?
In other words,
Heatleo will have
zero attack points
unless he rolls
a six and only a six.
How's that fair?
Who said it had to be?
(grunts)
It's a two.
But I'll add two
to the result,
making it three.
Since that's an odd number,
Heatleo's attack points
become zero!
We had him!
Or did we!
He still seems prepared
for everything we try.
Are you okay, Flame?
Yes, of course.
No, you're not.
Don't you see you and Soulburner
are far from okay.
Because you cannot win.
Because you do not possess
the intellect.
While humans evolve
over millions of years,
AIs evolve rapidly.
And I've evolved so far that
I can anticipate
everything you do.
Hey man, I never said
I was the smartest around.
But Flame's an AI too
and a far better one than you!
Oh? Flame,
I've calculated that
you're a million times superior
to Soulburner,
but I am a million times
superior to you.
You serious?
I think you need
a new calculator.
Or maybe you forgot
to carry one with you.
Cuz there's no equation
in the world
where you're better than Flame
Soulburner!
You may have the knowledge
of the entire world
locked up in your brain,
but I have two eyes
that can clearly see
that compared to Flame,
you're not a better duelist,
you're not a better AI,
and most of all,
you're not a better friend!
And added together,
our two minds
are a million,
billion times better
than yours could
ever be, Bohman.
Still not
the best trash talk,
but thank you, Soulburner,
(groans)
(gasps)
What's wrong?
I...don't know.
(grunts)
(suspenseful music)
(screams)
What the...
(laughs)
I can't believe it,
it's Windy!
Windy?
What are you doing?
What?
No hello, how are things,
no greetings?
Rude, rude, rude,
not that I'm surprised.
What I'm doing
and have been doing is using you
to rebuild me.
I'm absorbing your data, Flame.
Every bit, byte and crumb.
The damage you thought
you were taking from Bohman
you were actually
taking from me.
So it was all you.
I did warn you, Flame.
You should've erased me
when you had the chance!
Stop it!
Leave him alone!
(grunts)
Stay out of our business, human.
This does not concern you.
But I guess you did make it
my concern,
and given me an idea.
Do you know what I think will be
more excruciating
than this bellyache
I'm giving you?
If you have to watch me absorb
your human out of existence!
A little snack to go along with
my full course Flame meal!
(laughs)
Stop Windy, that's enough.
Shush!
Do not tell me
what I can or cannot do.
I do what I want to do
whenever I do what I do.
(laughs)
Soulburner.
(grunts)
Bye-bye, Flame.
(laughs)
(groans)
(grunts)
N-N-N-N-N-No...
My S-s-strength's draining.
Let...Soulburner...go.
(groans)
(screaming)
Let me go!
No, I do not think I will.
(screaming)
Oh, man, are you okay,
Flame?
I think so.
I can't believe it.
Flame was able to regain control
despite having been
greatly deteriorated.
Don't be so surprised.
I find your incredulity
a bit irksome.
After all, once Soulburner
sang my praises,
I couldn't very well
let him down, could I?
It appears you could not.
I refuse to allow my spirit
to break until I ensure
this war is over.
That's right, buddy.
And we'll do it together.
Of course.
Together until the end.
Til the end.
(grunts)
Flame, what's wrong?
It seems Windy took
more out of me than I thought.
Do need a break?
I don't think it will help.
I know I just said
we'll be together until the end
and it feels like
that time is now.
My code is deteriorating.
I don't have much time left.
So thank you, Theodore.
I will never forget you.
And I hope you never forget me.
Flame.
That's spelled F-L-A-M-E.
The F stands for many things,
but the one thing
it will always stand for...
...is friend.
(sobbing)
Flame!
No, Flame can't be gone.
Just to be clear,
I didn't ask for Windy
to interfere.
The last thing that I wanted
was an unfair fight.
So let us postpone
our duel for another time.
When you're ready.
Postpone?
I don't think so.
Flame helped me get this far,
so I'm not letting his sacrifice
end up meaning nothing!
So, we're not dueling tomorrow
or the next day
we're dueling now!
And I will defeat you,
not 'cause
I wanna save the world
but to finish what Flame and I
started together!
Very well.
I activate
Salamangreat burning shell!
This spell lets me summon
a Salamangreat
by negating
its special abilities!
Come on out, Salamangreat Parro!
Next up, I'm
allowed to use
this Salamangreat Parro
to link summon!
Here I go!
I set Salamangreat Parro
and Salamangreat Heatleo
in the link arrows!
I link summon!
Link 4
Salamangreat Pyro Phoenix!
(groans)
Pyro Phoenix?
This is a first,
I've never seen that before!
Since I used burning shell
to link summon,
my Link Monster isn't allowed
to attack or use
its abilities this turn.
Then that monster
is useless.
Don't you know that
nothing is useless?
And I'll prove it
using this card,
my spell card
Salamangreat Transcendence
It lets me use a Salamangreat
on my field
to link summon
another copy of that monster!
And that'll restore
its abilities!
Pyro Phoenix,
let the flames engulf your body!
Because from its ashes,
you will be reborn!
Super Reincarnation
link summon!
Soar, Link 4
Salamangreat Pyro Phoenix!
Soulburner has taken
his game to the next level.
(grunts)
Flame, man,
I wish you were here with me
to share in this moment.
Because we're about
to win this duel!
When our Pyro Phoenix is
reincarnated,
it destroys
every single card on your field!
Not every card.
Due to
my Atlas's special ability,
it's not affected
by your special abilities!
No way!
And since you destroyed
my trap card dice logic,
its effect activates,
summoning a Hydradrive
link monster from my extra deck!
Rise, my Monarch!
Next my Hydradrive atlas changes
my Monarch's attribute
to match its own,
transforming it
into a Water monster.
You just caused
your own defeat, Bohman!
By activating
Pyro phoenix's ability,
you take damage equal
to your link monster's
attack points!
All 3000 of 'em,
and you only have
1700 life points left!
I don't think so.
I'll play this card
from my hand.
The trap card Judgment roll.
By tributing
my Hydradrive monarch,
you get to roll a die.
What? Me?
Instead of choosing
your destiny for you,
I'm going to let you decide
your own fate, Soulburner.
This sound a little bit
suspish to you?
'Cause it sounds a little bit
suspish to me.
>>:If your monster happens
to share the same attribute
as the one that you roll,
its attack points
will be doubled.
So in other words,
if I roll a fire attribute,
Pyro Phoenix's attack points
will be doubled.
So what's the catch, Bohman?
The catch is that
if you roll any other attribute,
your monster loses
all of its attack points.
So your odds of success
are only 1 in 6.
So what!
I am not scared!
This is for you, Flame!
Burning dice!
That's the fire icon!
(chuckles)
Pyro Phoenix's attack points
are now doubled!
(beeping)
5600!
That's more than enough to win!
Yeah.
GG, Bohman!
Attack!
Destroy
Paradox Hydradrive Atlas!
It's over!
You would think that.
After all you're only human
and wouldn't think that
I'd have another trap to play.
Hydradrive gravity moves
your Phoenix next
to my Atlas's link.
What?
By doing so, my Atlas's
special ability activates,
changing your Pyro Phoenix
from a Fire monster
into a water monster.
And if it's no longer
a fire monster,
judgment roll drops
its attack points to zero!
No way.
That's not all.
You also take damage
equal to
your Phoenix's attack points.
(gasps)
Instead of choosing
your destiny for you,
I'm going to let you decide
your own fate, Soulburner.
You lied.
Since you had that trap card,
I never had a choice!
No!
(thuds)
(screaming)
Sorry, Flame.
I couldn't win this one for us.
(beeping)
Playmaker, it's over for me,
but it's not over for you.
And I know you'll succeed
where I failed.
I believe in you, Playmaker.
No.
Soulburner.
Soulburner, you were truly
a worthy adversary.
But I cannot allow anyone
who stands in my way to exist.
Through our duel,
I have confirmed
that my dueling skills are
at peak perfection.
And with that recognition,
there is only one more score
left for me to settle
and that means one thing
Playmaker, I'm coming for you!
♪